Added a cheat-sheet (#83)
WICG/display-locking: cheatsheet.md

  refers to the element attribute `rendersubtree` which can be set to various
  values in order to lock an element.
  * `rendersubtree="invisible"`: this refers to the fact that this
    element is currently locked (i.e. invisible)
  * `rendersubtree="invisible skip-activation"`: this refers to the
    fact that the UA cannot activate this element (see Activation)
  * `rendersubtree="invisible skip-visibility-activation"`: this refers to the
    fact that the UA can only activate the element on "user action" (see User
    Activation; Activation).
* **Activation / Activatability**: this refers to the notion that an element
  that is locked can be unlocked by the UA. Some examples of this are
  find-in-page, or scrolling. Different rendersubtree tokens can control this
  behavior.
* **User Activation**: this refers to activation caused by user or developer
  actions. Examples of this include find-in-page, scrollIntoView(), tab
  navigation. Notably, this does *not* include UA activation when the element is
  scrolled into view.
* **Visibilty Activation**: this refers to activation caused by the element
  entering the visible region of the page.

> * **content-size**: this refers to a complementary CSS features content-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **content-size**: this refers to a complementary CSS feature called content-size,
```
